"Tired? Try sleeping."
"Fire is hot, avoid touching it."
"Remember to eat and drink, its important."
"If the door doesn't open when you push it, try pulling it!"
"Money can be exchanged for goods and services."
"Tirsty? Try drinking water."
"Don't drink orange juice after you brush your teeth."
"When in doubt, flip the USB over at least twice before trying again."
"No matter who it is, they are a person too, treat them nicely."
"When you are not sure, ask Google."
"If you find the game too hard, try lowering the difficulty."
"A fart cannot always be trusted, be careful when dealing with farts."
"Praise the sun! \o/"
"Sanding wood elves, now 20%.... oh wait... wrong game."
"First to hit gets the xp and the loot."
"Tables at restaurants can be looted for gold."
"If its too dark you can adjust the exposure in graphics settings to lighten things up a bit."
"Wolves will chase you forever, like you have a bratwurst in your pocket... Or are you just happy to see me?"
"Vaccines provide a buff against known diseases."
"Always say please and thank you."
"Thanks for listening to my TED Talk."
"Downloading more RAM..."
"Updating Updater..."
"Downloading Downloader..."
"Debugging Debugger..."
"Filtering Filters..."
"How did I get here?"
"Warning: Don't set yourself on fire."
"Follow the white rabbit"
"People respond differently to you if you are naked and/or have a weapon drawn. Bear in mind when developing relationships."
"Little toe's hitbox is bigger than the model, beware."
"There are no checkpoints, so be careful."
"The 'Charisma' statistic may not seem to affect gameplay mechanics outside of dialogue, but in fact informs overall difficulty settings."
"sv_permadeath 1"
"Objects in mirror are closer than they appear."
"Regularly drinking water replenishes most stats over time."
"Regularly drinking alcohol reduces resistance over time."
"Chose your starting class carefully because each gets vastly different gear at the end of the tutorial."
"IRS stands for Insane Running Speed"
"Toasters are not a good substitute for bath bombs."
"If your character is not physically appealing to NPC'S, try investing points in the humour skill tree."
"You may want to avoid the yellow snow."
"Ensure finding a companion while still low level, as it gets harder as you level up."
"Your 18 year tutorial has ended."
"Improve your intelligence stat by using you phone less during class."
"Answer carefully when talking to NPCs or other players. They could be on 1HP and really need support."
"Be careful when starting conversations. They cannot be skipped."
"Don't like your spouse? You can cancel your marriage in exchange for half of your inventory."
"Don't forget to shower. People will react differently to you if you don't."
"Looking for a fight, your local Waffle House may be the place to go."
"You can lift up slightly when weighing your produse to pay less ad the self-checkout."
"Lesbians have 99% resistance to common disease when romancing other lesbians."
"Certain types of bumper stickers may indicate what vehicles can be looted."
"Remember to touch grass every now and then."
"Tattoos may indicate hostile NPCs."